SIMON DIODIO 2014 - ONLINE SHOPPING MANAGEMENT SYSTEM
http://www.academia.edu/7179788/online_shopping_system_documentation_by_simon_diodio_ambundo


E-commerce is the most visible business use of the World Wide Web. The primary goal of an e-commerce site is to sell goods and services online. This project deals with developing an e-commerce website for online storeand shopswherebusiness houses can manage their store or shop online. It provides the user with a catalog of different product and services. It facilitates the user to get information of different business houses and about their products and services before making purchasing decisions.

The system is implemented using a 3-tier approach, with a backend database, a middle tier of apache and PHP, and a webbrowser as the front end client. In order to develop an e-commerce website, a numberof Technologies must be studied and understood. These include multi-tiered architecture, server and client side scripting techniques, implementation technologies such as PHP, ASP.NET, relational databases (such as MySQL, Access).This is a project with the objective to develop a online shop management System website where a business houses can use to manage their stores and customers can easily order and buy items and services online.

The purpose of the project is to come up with electronic commerce system that is simple and secure for users. The system will provide means by which clientscanview products browse for more information about the products, selectitems and collect them in shopping cart then order or  buy products online. The system will beableto manage customers’ data,data about products instore and transaction made by the customers. Management will be able to add, edit and view the  products in the store, also administrator of the system can view transaction made edit and even remove the transaction from the e-commerce management system. Customers’ information will  be kept confidential by system and online administrator can view them.

Technologychanges have let to development of e-commerce where people can visit store websites to buy goods and services online.This has also madeshopping easy and quickly, no need to travel or visit shops to buy or order goods and service.


Bon Nielsen - ONLINE SHOPPING: FILIPINOS ARE AMONG ASIA-PACIFIC ONLINE SHOPPER

http://www.taragis.com/2013/08/nielsen-study-online-shopping-filipinos-are-among-asia-pacifics-most-active-online-shoppers/

Filipinos are taking over the online shopping scene in Asia! According to an online consumption study conducted by Nielsen, Filipinos are among Asia-Pacific’s most active online shoppers.
That’s not all there is to know about online shopping in the Philippines. Filipinos are reportedly the most savvy at filling up their virtual shopping carts, as 72% of Filipinos use the Internet for product research – bagging the title of being the most active bargain-seekers in Asia, what with the exponentially increasing Internet penetration in the country.

Lazada, the number 1 e-commerce site in the Philippines is geared to handle the demand for making products easilyv available. It recently acquired a 6000-square-meter warehouse facility that processes orders as efficiently as possible.

With more than 20,000 products on its website, Lazada.com.ph is the ultimate digital shopping destination, where shoppers can avoid long lines, heavy traffic, and cumbersome product handling. For added convenience, Lazada even offers free shipping and next-day-delivery for Metro Manila orders, as well as multiple payment options such as Cash on Delivery, Paypal, credit card, ATM transfers via Megalink, and BDO installment plans at up to 24 months.

Not only that, but attractive deals, promos, and regular flash sales pique the interest of Filipino shoppers online, appealing to the “bargain-hunter” mindset.

Lazada is now one of the fastest-growing online shopping sites in the Philippines. They offer a wide-array of products such as gadgets, home appliances, toys and a lot more things; our local version of America’s Best Buy or Walmart online stores. Are you part of the digital revolution and exercising your right to shop? Heads up to